a) What are the important categories of architectural structures, briefly explain each
category with at least one example.

    We categorize architecture structures based on the nature of the elements and how they reason about the system.
    
    The Connector & Component category has structures are composed of elements that either have a runtime behaviour 
    or makes communcations between elements of runtime behaviour. An example of this is a process. 
    
    The Module category are structures with a compartmentalized responsibility that is static, without a runtime. 
    A good example is a class in java.

    The Allocation structures map the software structures to the systems nonsoftware structures. An example is speakers
    because they map audio data into vibrations.

b) What is an architectural pattern? Briefly describe a commonly used architectural pattern.

     We categorize architecture structure designs into patterns, in architecture the famous design patterns are called the Gang of Four (GoF)
    pattern. These have three categories: structural, behavioural and creational. One such structural pattern is an adapter such 
    as modular screwdriver heads, they allows the replacement of heads to fit different screws. 


c) In the Introduction to Software Architecture lectures, we discussed that one of the issues
not considered good practice is having too many inter-module calls between modules.
Why is that? What are two good design principles that an architect should follow to avoid
having a lot of inter-module calls?

As we discussed in the lectures too many intermodule calls increase interelement communication and create high coupling betwen modules, which hurts and have a negative effect on the key quality attributes such as modifiability and reusability.
This makes changes nonelocal, so a small modification in one module may require changes in many other modules, increasing maintenance cost and complexity. to avoid this problem, an architect should follow the principle of low coupling.
Low coupling reduces dependencies between modules so that changes in one module have minimal impact on other modules.
Another important design principle is high cohesion. That ensures that each module has a well defined responsibility, reducing the need for frequent interactions with other modules. 

